requirements: http://scis.lms.athabascau.ca/mod/assign/view.php?id=24589

Format: ACM SIG Proceedings template
Length: 3-4 pages

Each paper must also include a number of sections between the Introduction and Conclusion, where you will analyze the topic of your review. Use the following list as a guide to writing this part of your paper:

An overview of the major challenge(s) faced in this area of research.

A review of the approaches/techniques/strategies used in the past to overcome these challenges.

For each approach/technique/strategy, a discussion of the problem(s) it addresses, how it is used as a solution, its current status and the results of this approach/technique/strategy, and any unresolved problems. Furthermore, relate the approaches/techniques/strategies to each other, and explain how they are different and why each approach/technique/strategy has its value.

A summary of the status of the field.

A description of the challenges for future research.

Your review must cite between 6 and 15 peer-reviewed articles. Every article you use must appear in the reference section and be formatted according to the ACM SIG Proceedings template.

please make sure that at least 6 of your references are published within the last 5 years.

Clarity of research questions or goals (20 marks)

The paper clearly states what it is about and which research questions/goals it is attempting to address. The respective goals and research questions should be introduced in the Introduction section and need to be consistent throughout the paper. This means the main part of the paper needs to deal with addressing the proposed research questions and goals, and the Conclusion section should provide an answer to the research questions and discuss how the goals of the paper were achieved.

Factual correctness of the evidence and completeness of the answer (30 marks)

All comments and statements in the papers are fully correct, backed up by the research results from reliable scientific sources,  providing a clear coverage of the domain under study. This criterion also includes clear definitions of the analyzed ideas taken only from the literature. Personal interpretations of the definition might be used, but only if they are proven through a scientific process. Non-grounded definitions of well-defined concepts will lead to significant mark deduction.

Furthermore, the paper needs to make proper use of references. Every statement in the paper needs to be backed up with one or more credible reference and the paper needs to follow the reference style guidelines according to the ACM template.

Most importantly, one needs to demonstrate a level of mastery of the concepts of the state of the art in the respective area, precisely define the problems under study, accurately connect them with possible solutions from the literature, and demonstrate an accurate and critical use of the research literature. Furthermore, concepts and findings need to be properly explained and justified.

Synthesis, articulation of arguments and critical analysis to formulate appropriate discussions and conclusions (30 marks)

This criterion includes the need for each literature review to discuss all the limitations of a proposed solution, its relevance with respect to other related solutions found in the literature, a discussion of the alternatives to the proposed solution, and reasoning for the selection of the respective approach/technique/strategy. In addition, an explicit and sound justification for the decisions to include certain concepts/approaches/techniques/strategies in the discussion is expected. Such explicit justification on why something is mentioned needs to be elaborated to ensure that the literature review is methodologically sound.

Furthermore, students’ own synthesis of the discovered and learned topics from the literature studied is expected. Only short quotes providing definitions are acceptable. Long quotes of someone else’s analysis are not considered a provision of one’s own synthesis and critical discussion of the analyzed topics, as they do not demonstrate the student’s knowledge and understanding. The ability to find a relevant source is an auxiliary step toward making one’s own synthesis of the learned knowledge from different sources. The skill to make one’s own synthesis, articulate arguments and critically analyse literature is essential in appropriately discussing a topic and formulating conclusions, which is one of the primary objectives of this assignment.

This criterion also expects the student to demonstrate any conclusions drawn from the synthesis of the various topics learned from the literature, to make innovative connections that were not spelled out in the literature, and to show strong scientifically-grounded proofs.

Clarity of presentation, accurate formatting and style of writing (20 marks)

The paper should be easy to understand and should use an appropriate style of writing. It should also be proofread and therefore use correct English language with no or little mistakes. Appropriate explanation should be given on why certain topics/issues are discussed. A strong justification for the organization of the paper also needs to be made very explicit. Furthermore, the paper needs to follow the ACM format guidelines.